I got the raging inferno
get out of here my five minutes
Suffolk County officials say to matter
ville homes in a business were destroyed
by a raging brush fire that burned
through at least five hundred acres of
woods and vegetation as strong winds
partnered with flames to ignite grass
and forests in tinderbox light
conditions
the smoke is just overwhelming and I
mean the amount of destruction that that
can cause because I've seen gunpowder go
off in it you know the amount of smoke
is kind of small to this and just miles
wide inevitable as of 7:30 p.m. Monday
only the eastern front of the fire was
still out of control after the inferno
burnt Suede's of Manorville ridge
Riverhead in several other communities
in what is considered a single inferno
said County Executive Steve Malone and
rescue officials during the evening the
fire moved in a southeast direction the
county executive said a mandatory
evacuation order was issued for parts of
Riverhead and other areas were also
being evacuated Ridge Fire Chief Steve
gray said some firefighters were being
sent home to rest but others will likely
battle the blaze through Thursday gray
said the inferno started as two fires at
one point during the day but merge into
one large fire the county executive said
many firefighters were being called to
the perimeter of the fire for their
safety as darkness fell this is the most
serious fire incident we've had since
the 95 wildfires and once again our
volunteer firefighters have answered the
call they are doing an outstanding the
job out there in very dangerous
circumstances they are working to
protect property and they're working
most importantly to protect people and I
want to thank them for their their work
their efforts and for their bravery
people getting hurt I mean the variables
are just at their max for getting hurt
today and injured there's a lot of
people running around the firefighters
especially because they're risking their
lives just to put this out